Hello guy this is GZ here.. and we gonna lern thisday about ifconfig command.
the ifconfig is shortcat for interface config, we useit for network interface configuration and managment.
we will try todya to coverup the all material, we have alot of stuff to lern soooo... 
Without unnecessary delay, let's get started.


lets openup the man page for ifconfig
So the ifconfig is the way you can manage your network interfaces on your linux machine or check your network activitis.
so if we type if config we can see the IP address of our machine and the subnet mask and etcetera...


just type "ifconfig":
the Link encap stand for link encapsulation 
I hope that you remember the OSI model, but if you don't, lets do quick review...
the OSI model  or Open Systems Interconnection model is a product of  International Organization for Standardization or in short ISO
and [open the OSI.pdf] the OSI model are mentioned in ISO/IEC 7498-1... and as you can see this is a long Document.. but for this level we need the basic

[open the osi-schicht-modell.jpg]
as you can see the OSI is the composition of the layer as follow:
Application - layer 7
Presentation - layer -6
Session - layer 5
Transport - layer 4
Network - layer 3
Data-link - layer 2
and Pysical - layer 1

every leyer encapsulate the upper layer and trasfert the datagram to the next layer and to be precise its transfer to the lower layer
so.. the application are Literally the application.. such as WEB page and this web page - when it need to be transfer through the network,
the machin add to it a hader and than it encapsulate by the Presentation layer, the  Presentation than add it's haders and sent is to the session layer,
and so on until the pysical layer that send the data to it's destination on the network.

so  the layer 2 is the data link layer, and in this layer we have some peotocols who encapsulate
the entirely Datagram that which include on the upper layers.. the datagram and is't encapsulated are called Frame.
we have alote of encapsulation protocol such as LLC which stand for Logical link control, we have the ATM Asynchronous Transfer Mode,
and we have the Frame Relay, every such protocol encapsulat the Datagram the was creaded from the upper layer and add
to it the source and destination for the  transfer the frame that was created through the network..

[go back to the terminal]
In our case the encapsulation protocol is Ethernet, and the Ethernet frame are look like that...
[open data_link_layer-eth-frame.jpg]
the really thing that metter to us is the so
